docs(readme): submission instructions (#2)
Kong/konnect-team-interview-frontend-exercise: README.md

- Code quality, including appropriate componentization and modularity
- Coding practices and industry standards

> ## How to submit the project
> You have a week to complete this, but we don't expect you to spend more than a few hours on it.  When it's ready, please send your recruiter a link to the source code, preferably in a github repo. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to submit the project

You have up to a week to complete the exercise, but we don't expect you to spend more than a few hours on it.  When it's ready, please send your recruiter a link to the source code, preferably in a GitHub repo. 
```

```
